[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm radio and television
host Jimmy Church,
and I'm here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Geraldine
Orozco, a hypnotherapist
and international
speaker, an ET contact
in the hybrid phenomenon.
>> I begin to feel my body
literally pulling apart.
These five beings are
coming out of this light.
>> Technical assistant Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> Also joins us to
help set the scenes.
Join us as we deep dive to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
Could we expect direct
contact like you
have had for the rest
of the world very soon?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome to Into the Vortex.
I'm your host, Jimmy Church.
And today, it's abductions.
It's contactees.
It's what is going on, the
opposite of what the government
is interested in.
And our guest is
Geraldine Orozco.
Geraldine, welcome
to Into the Vortex.
>> Thank you so
much for having me.
It's an honor to be here, Jimmy.
>> Yeah, thank you so much, and
I'm going to steer this over
to Josh for a second.
Josh, if you were abducted,
you made real contact,
would you talk about it?
>> I don't know.
But I have a lot of admiration
that you've come forward
and talk so much about it.
We need more of that.
And I hope I would be like you.
>> And that's-- I think that's
such a consideration today
because, Geraldine, our
government is interested
in the subject apparently.
They're talking
about UFOs and UAPs.
And we've got reports and
congressional hearings
and a lot of
excitement coming out
of Washington DC,
everything but addressing
the millions of
contactees and people
that have had
abduction experiences.
Why do you think that is?
>> Yeah, well, in the
recent disclosure papers,
there was mention of being
in proximity to the UFOs
and people having
psychological side effects,
physical side effects,
and even pregnancies--
anomalous pregnancies.
So I think we're starting
to get into the conversation
where hopefully--
it's a very complex topic.
So this is something that
will develop for the public,
I think, in segments.
It's something that has to be
kind of educational in parts.
And we're just going into that
topic because soon enough,
we have to have the conversation
of who is flying the craft,
who is behind this incredibly
advanced technology that
our human body cannot sustain.
>> Yeah, of course.
And I'm sure you watched the
recent congressional hearing
with the subcommittee.
If you were called to testify
to step up and discuss
your experiences,
would you do it?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
No problem.
I think it's very
important that we
start having these conversations
and taking them seriously
because the number of people
that are claiming having
abduction experiences are in
the millions-- people that
have some kind of contact.
And then resulting in PTSD,
psychological side effects,
physical side effects.
And now we're going to get into
the topic of hybridization,
which is another very,
very serious topic of women
that are actually becoming--
having these symptoms
of becoming pregnant,
and a very specific outline
of how this contact is
kind of playing out.
So definitely, there's
an impact in our society,
and a lot of people that
are coming to the support
groups like hybrid mother.
We talk about this, but
it's their only place
to have the conversations.
They can't talk about
this anywhere else.
So we need to provide
support, whether it's
medical, psychological,
or just group support.
>> Let's back up and talk
about your own experience.
You've had things that have
happened throughout your life.
But as an adult, you've got a
home, and something happens,
a light outside--
the things that
we've heard before,
but it went to the next level.
Can you walk us through that
evening and what happened?
>> Yes, October
13th actually 2013.
I went to bed around 12 o'clock
at night, and all of a sudden,
I am woken up to an incredibly
bright light in my room
where every single
one of the walls
was covered in white light.
So I opened my
eyes, I look around,
I look down at my phone.
I pick up my phone.
It says 3:33 in the morning.
It's the first time in my
life that I paid attention
to any of these
consecutive numbers.
So I thought that
was interesting.
But my window is across my room,
so I had to get out of bed,
walk over to the window,
and look outside the window
with the blinds
closed, mind you.
So the bright light
is filling my room
despite my blinds being closed.
So as I'm looking
outside, my entire body
begins to paralyze
as I'm trying to see
what's behind the white light.
And I begin to feel my body
literally pulling apart,
and I feel myself
going through the wall
and find myself outside of my
window on top of the garage.
My room is on top of a garage.
And as I'm here in front
of this bright light,
I feel like we are in some kind
of a time space has frozen.
Nothing is moving, no
air, no space, no sound.
I can see to the left of me from
this incredibly bright light
these five beings are
coming out of this light,
and one of them approaches me,
and it's the first time that I
ever saw such a incredible being
that was non-human 7-foot tall,
grey colored body kind
of like an ant almost,
a very exoskeleton type of body,
and eyes that were gigantic
and dark and black.
And even though it was
terrifying at that moment,
the being raised the hand.
And I heard telepathically
in my mind the word calm.
And when I heard
that the entire--
all of the anxiety, the fear
just completely left my body.
So, at that moment, I
understood that I was not
in control from
this moment forward.
And number two, that I
was dealing with something
completely out of this
dimension because of the manner
of how the communication was.
It was telepathic.
So I'm brought on board the
craft, and they begin to--
as I'm walking into
this white light,
I begin to see more
of a form take shape.
And the craft is almost like
a more inter-dimensional kind
of a substance that looks like
a plasma that kind of shifts
from plasma to a metal.
And as I step into
the craft, I can
feel that it's almost
as if it's conscious.
It's like responding to me.
I'm not sure how
else to explain that.
But as I walk into
the craft, there
are-- it's like hallways
that turns to the right
and to the left, and I'm
directed to the left.
And as I walk inside, the five
of them begin to move forward,
and the other being
directs his hand again,
and I begin to see a
kind of hologram that
appears on top of this craft--
the interior of the craft.
So as I'm being brought
inside this hologram
that it looks like a very sloppy
green undulating hills and very
blue sky, they have this picture
of this obtuse glass building
that I'm being directed into.
By the time I turn around,
I see two Greys and my aunt
in her nightgown
walking in front of me.
She is clearly
unconscious, her hair
is shaggy in her nightgown.
And they take her in front of
me, and I want to scream out,
but of course, I can't
scream out or move in a way
that I can reach her.
So she goes behind the hologram,
and immediately this hologram
is removed, and I'm
now inside the craft
looking around at
what is actually
looking like this-- looks
kind of like a control
room of some sort.
There's an oval
console on the left
with this incredible
holographic structure
like a hologram of the
universe planets and numbers
and like rulers or--
>> Did you understand what you
were looking at at that moment?
Did you comprehend, and were
you able to wrap your head
around this incredible moment?
>> Yeah.
No, it was so overwhelming
that it really took--
it was a process, and this
is just the beginning of it
because later on, it gets
even more interesting.
But as I'm looking
around, I begin
to notice that I can
see through the craft.
It's actually-- I can see
the stars beyond that.
And in front of me, are three
Greys holding this blue prism
with eight layers.
>> Let's stop you right there.
You said Greys now with--
is your mom, your aunt?
>> My aunt.
>> Your aunt was with two Greys.
When you say Greys,
are you describing
a Grey alien, the typical Grey
that we would be familiar with?
>> Yes.
Yes, it would be.
One of them-- the
ones that I was--
brought me into the craft
were about 7-foot tall.
So very tall, but the ones
inside showing me this hologram
were about maybe 4 to
5-feet tall maximum.
So they were shorter, a
little more stout, but still
the same kind of shape and body.
>> Very interesting.
And you mentioned-- now this
was a physical experience.
This wasn't an out-of-body dream
astral projection channeled
event, this was
a physical event.
When you were on
top of your garage,
you've metabolized
yourself through this wall,
what do you think your
neighbors would have seen?
The street is lit up.
There's some type of don't-- we
get aware that everything on is
standing still.
If you were a neighbor
across the street
or down the block
looking out the window,
what would they have seen?
>> Yes, I've thought
about this many times.
I mean, it would have been
an incredibly bright light.
It-- not like a yellow light
like the sun, but white light.
So it would have
literally looked
like a gigantic white light
in the middle of the-- it
was huge, covering the
entire street and block.
So to me, it was strange
that nobody would get up,
and I do have very, very lovely
neighbors that are always very
caring and looking out.
So I thought that somebody
would have come out,
and I would look around
to see who was awake.
And actually, it prompted
me to the next day
to look and see if there
had been reported sightings.
>> Of course.
Well, I would have liked to have
known if my neighbors had seen
me come through a wall and
what their reaction to that
would have been.
And you said something else
that I found very interesting.
The craft is somewhere
in this area,
but what you have described
is something much larger
on the interior of the craft
than what would have been
seen physically on the outside.
Is that-- does that sound right?
>> Yes, that's right.
In fact, it's one of the
most incredible things
is that when you're walking
into this light, truthfully
you can't really tell when
the light ends and begins
because it's so radiant.
And it seems as if the craft
is moving shape almost.
It seems as if it doesn't
keep a solid shape.
Yeah, so when you
go in, definitely, I
mean enough for
the hallways enough
for going inside these
different rooms much larger.
>> It was bigger than the craft
that was above your house?
It would appear
bigger on the inside.
We've heard instances
like this in the past,
but here's another part
with this, which, I think,
is so important is, you
were given and shown--
we'll get into this--
information and some
of it very technical.
It's dealing with physics.
It's dealing with math.
It's dealing with pieces
of knowledge that are
hard for most to understand.
Did you understand or did
you have to unpack this later
because you have to turn
around and share this knowledge
with everybody else so
they can understand it?
Did you get the complexity
of what you were being shown?
>> Yeah, so there were several--
how I came into this information
were several segments.
I guess you could say
over the past few years.
The contact
experience in 2013 was
like a download of information,
but not information
that I could quite
understand yet.
It wasn't until 2017 that I
began to really dive into that.
And I began to channel
clearly the information that
was being shared with me.
So it took some
time, but also you'll
understand that as a result
of the contact experience,
I had activated
psychic abilities.
And to me, that was my proof
of what had happened to me.
I think if it wasn't for
the psychic abilities,
I myself was in--
were in disbelief
of what had happened to me.
So it took a process a
couple of years for me
to want to look into
this information.
>> Help me understand, and I'm
sure Josh is wondering the same
thing.
This is very
complex information.
How do you remember it?
How do you save this data?
>> Right.
So the interesting thing about
how this data came through
is like a channeling but
more than just channeling.
It was like actually traveling
the universe in these states.
Literally seeing the
structure of the universe,
seeing it, and experiencing
it through my body
and through this universe.
So, in a way, you're not
just listening to data,
you're experiencing it,
and I think that's really
how you really learn things.
>> How do you translate it for
somebody like myself or even
Josh--
he's smarter than I am--
how do you translate it
so we can understand it?
>> Honestly, these
things seem very complex,
but you can break them down
into something very simple
as to simply understanding
the role that the human plays
in the bigger picture.
This information doesn't
have to be complex.
It's in nature.
You're understanding
the mechanics of nature,
and you see it all around you.
There is an order.
There's an intelligence to
everything in this universe,
and it's quite mathematical.
It's very beautiful.
If you understand that, you
can understand this information
very easily in
terms of your role
as a soul, your
role in the bigger
picture with these
interdimensional beings.
And I guess our science
is catching up and in
a way providing lots
of amazing evidence
to support these concepts
that have been channeled,
but I'm not the first one that
channeled this information.
If you look back
in ancient texts,
you're also going to read
the same kind of information.
So it's known.
It's in the field.
>> Geraldine, what exactly--
what are we looking at?
>> So this is my shin.
>> It is your shin.
>> Yeah, so in this experience,
they put some kind of very slim
metallic rod against my shin as
I'm being strapped like in this
table.
And it's an organic kind
of technology that comes in
and touches me there, and
I'm physically feeling it.
But the next day when I
look, I have this scar,
and I couldn't believe.
I couldn't believe
that I actually had a--
>> What was the purpose of it?
Do you have any idea?
>> As far as I know, the
implants that are created are
in order to track your
body whatever you're doing,
levels of your body.
I also feel that they're
very interdimensional.
Usually, implants
are in the body,
but they're also very
interdimensional.
So depending on what part of the
body these implants are put in,
it will affect certain aspects
of your life, emotional levels,
perspective even because
our body is pretty complex.
So in the left shin,
represents the divine feminine.
So it has to do very
much with the system
of your uterus on the left
side this entire meridian line.
We have a meridian
line in the body,
and essentially,
they are literally
linking to that
meridian line in order
to connect up into the ovaries
and track what is happening.
>> Fascinating.
And then we start to approach
a very delicate subject, which
is a possible hybrid alien,
human hybrid program going on.
And just like you
just stated, you're
not the only person to come
forward and talk about this.
I think this is a phenomena
that is difficult for people
to discuss and the processes
involved, and, of course,
being introduced to an
alien child of yours
that is a hybrid.
Take us through that and when
you were first exposed to this
and shown what possibly might
be your son or daughter.
How do you process that?
>> Yeah, it was very shocking
because the moment that I saw
the child, it was a telepathic
exchange of recognition
as well.
I see the child, and I began to
get memories of all the times
that I had spent with them.
They showed me eight little
lights from this prism.
We went in layers.
The first layer
was alien language.
The second layer--
I was taken to the Pleiades.
And the third layer, they
showed me these eight lights.
And from the eight lights,
four of these beings--
these children manifested
themselves in this craft
and one of them looked like
a little boy with curly hair.
They had these massive eyes.
The pupils are the size of
my-- this ocular socket.
And as soon as I look
at them in the eye,
I recognize myself just in
their-- the way they move,
the way they look.
I see myself in
the child, and it
was an incredible powerful
feeling of maternal instinct
that comes over you
that you're thinking
I'm happy to let go
of my life on Earth
and just stay here with them.
And at the same time
trying to process
how could you have forgotten
that you had these children?
What kind of
irresponsible person
where am that I don't know
that these children exist?
That was my first feeling.
>> So when you saw your
first child, where was this?
>> So, on board the craft,
when they were showing me from
the holographic prism,
the eight levels,
the third level after
returning from the Pleiades,
were showing me eight little
lights that then manifested
into these children.
And four of them
were in front of me.
One of them being this
little boy, two girls,
and one boy that was older.
So it was on board the craft.
>> So walk me through this.
Did you immediately
go, wait a minute,
there was that time two
years ago something--
and then there was--
is that what you started to
do to look back at your past
where these
opportunities happened?
>> I didn't get it yet.
I didn't understand yet.
It was too early,
but immediately I
understood a little later.
But what I understood
in that moment
was that memories
started to come back.
And I'm like, oh, yes.
I remember holding this child.
I remember being
with this child.
I remember being on a silver
table and something being
extracted from me several times.
So those are the
memories that came up,
and they didn't
make sense to me.
I didn't understand
what I was remembering,
what I was seeing in my memory.
And I also didn't
know how on Earth--
planet Earth I was thinking
what governmental operation
will help balance this.
Like who manages this stuff?
That was my thought.
>> I can't imagine between
you and your parents and some
of these moments
that were going down.
I'm a father and having to
deal with a subject like this
where that physically something
may have happened to you,
and you're going to get a
doctor involved, and a family
physician, and
questions arise, and you
have to have this conversation
with your parents trying
to figure out possibly
what may have gone on.
How did you deal with it
and walk us through that?
>> Yes, so the very next
day when I wanted to call
the police in the hospital
because I thought I need
to talk to someone about this.
How do I-- I was
thinking legally,
like, how do I get
these children back?
I know it sounds funny, but
that was my mind at the time,
trying to understand
how to fit it.
So that whole day, I felt
like I got hit by a truck.
I couldn't move.
I had these like burn marks
here underneath my cheeks,
and I was out.
So the following day on
Sunday, I call my parents,
and I let them know
what happened to me.
And I told them the
whole story just,
from beginning to end,
everything that happened.
And I thought my parents were
going to just laugh or just
blow it off, but they were
actually very supportive,
and they said, well, it's
very interesting what
happened to you.
And I asked my father, and I
said, has anything like this
ever happened to you?
And he says, well,
I've had some contact.
He said it very
like nonchalantly.
So I couldn't believe
that first of all.
It blew my mind because how can
we live in our family circles
and not have these
conversations before?
He had had sightings.
My mother, my grandmother
had had sightings.
All of a sudden, it
was nothing that big.
So, in that moment, I felt
better just for that moment.
But--
>> Relief, right?
>> Relief-- a little bit of
a relief to know that I'm not
going crazy.
But the next day on Monday, when
I go to work with my client,
and I begin to see her entire
multi-dimensional body that
was proof to me that
what had happened
was something that
changed my life forever,
and it did because I couldn't
leave my house for three months
after that.
It was such a powerful shift.
>> Anybody listening to this
conversation right now is
wondering how do you have
a possible pregnancy?
I say possible because
everything is a question mark
at this point in your life.
But how do you have a pregnancy
and not know about it?
And was there evidence
of it physically?
And how did you find that out?
>> Yeah.
So when I started to
question how could I
have become pregnant, how did
I go through that process,
I began to look back at
the history of the memories
that I started to have.
And linking them with anomalous
experiences in my life,
missing time starting at
the age of 5 and then 16--
and 16 something happened
to me when I lived--
I was living in South
America for a couple of years
in school.
I went to an all-girls
Catholic school.
I come from a very,
very spiritual family,
very conservative.
So honestly, at
that point, I really
didn't even understand
what sex was.
So I remember having the first
experience of missing time.
And when I got back to my bed--
I was walking home
from school one day,
and then everything went black,
and I missed time until about 1
in the morning where I
found myself in my bed.
I don't know anything that
happened in between that time.
Nobody else knew
in the house, but I
remember waking up to the
first time feeling aroused
for the first time in my life.
I didn't know that feeling.
And then, shortly
after, I started
to have strange
symptoms like pregnancy.
I didn't understand
it at the time.
My uncle, who was a
doctor, said, oh, you
must have food poisoning
because I was throwing up.
I was having all these symptoms.
And weeks go by,
and finally, I have
miscarriage for the first time.
And I'm so young.
I'm a virgin.
I don't have any contact
or anything like that.
So that was the first time.
But of course, we didn't
to link these things.
So later on-- years later in
the US again same thing happens.
My cycle is off again.
I'm not partnered.
I become pregnant.
I get really ill.
I go to the doctor.
The doctor says you have some
kind of amoeba that we cannot
identify.
He said have you been out of
the country in the past three
months?
No.
Year?
So they start giving
me antibiotics.
I became completely allergic
to antibiotics, aspirin,
medication.
My body changed completely.
I cannot take anything,
and before that,
I used to take medications
when I needed it.
But from that moment on couldn't
take any kind of medication
at all.
So another shift that happened.
Then in between the
sickness, the doctor
said, you have two months to
live if you don't recover.
And my whole family started
kind of getting very concerned.
We didn't know what to do.
I had this dream of being
in this white light,
and this being comes towards
me, and everything just
snaps into black.
And the next day,
I'm absolutely fine.
There's no more amoeba.
I go to the doctor,
nothing, and I
had been rushed to the
hospital like four or five
times in the past two
weeks prior to that.
So I have the miscarriage again.
No fetus.
And that pregnancy was probably
around three months already.
>> Do you know how many hybrid
children that you have had?
>> Well, in hypnotherapy,
I recover 24.
>> 24?
>> Yes.
Yes.
Yes, and four of
which I actually met,
but pregnancies and miscarriages
probably five times.
And you have to understand
that these are not like things
that happen commonly.
Those are very specific
moments in my life
that I was medically affected.
When otherwise my cycle
is perfectly in time,
I'm very healthy.
>> Geraldine, but did your
family physician say that you
were pregnant?
>> Yeah.
So in the times that I
became pregnant at 16,
I didn't take a pregnancy
test because I wasn't sexually
active.
And the time when
I became very ill,
I didn't take a pregnancy
test because I wasn't sexually
active, but my cycle
was late 3 months.
That never happens unless
I'm having these experiences.
There were other instances
later when I became pregnant
and had a miscarriage that I did
have a positive pregnancy test.
But unfortunately, that
was when I was actually
in a relationship.
>> Do you know
where they are now?
>> Yes.
>> Where are they?
>> Well, we have to get into
the topic of what is a hybrid.
>> Sure.
>> Let's do it.
>> Let's go.
Yeah, absolutely.
Geraldine, what is a hybrid?
>> OK.
So to understand
what a hybrid is,
we have to understand
a little bit
about how genetics and
insemination works.
We have-- our DNA
is very complex.
And in our DNA code
within just one cell,
we can get the
history that goes down
through the mitochondria,
which is basically
an aggregate copy of the before.
That means your entire
ancestral lineage.
So in order to create
a new child, this DNA--
this tiny little DNA
can be utilized in order
to create an entire new human.
So in the egg, even more so
when we utilize this egg,
basically what is
being done is that this
is being spliced and combined
with other genetic data
of other species--
interdimensional species.
So we have the idea.
So let's talk about DNA.
DNA-- only 2% of our DNA writes
the code that makes this body--
2% to 3%.
If you think about that that's
massive because the rest
of the DNA then we're
not sure exactly how
that links to the mechanisms
of our physical body.
But within that 2% to 3%
writes every single function
in this physical body.
So the question is, what's
in the rest of that DNA?
And previously, it was
shown that is junk DNA.
It's dark DNA.
DNA that doesn't
necessarily directly
or we don't know how
to map how it functions
creation in the physical body.
So this is where we
start understanding
what holographic DNA is.
It's actually within the
rest of this code of our DNA
that we find information of
interdimensional instructions.
>> Interesting.
>> So these species that are
being hybridized with the human
are essentially utilizing not
only the base code of the DNA
of the human but tuning in
to genetically modifying
the holographic aspect of the
DNA, the rest of the data.
So this is where these
interdimensional beings
would fall.
They are encoded within
the rest of that junk DNA.
So when there is a splicing
done with the egg and the semen
or the life force
of these beings,
it begins to genetically
modify an organism that
can be either seeded
inside of a woman's womb
or it's just genetically
modified on a Petri dish.
So there's different ways
that this is carried out.
But essentially,
depending on how
these combinations and genetic
modifications are done,
the organism that is born,
the child, the organism that
is created will either
have more human DNA or more
interdimensional aspects.
So they're not all fully
physical beings, organisms.
And you have to understand that
also the kind of technology
that is being
utilized for the woman
to be able to gestate this
kind of organism in the body,
they have to put all kinds
of things inside the body.
Like literally during that
time that I became ill,
they injected into
my womb some kind
of a container within the womb,
a lining, artificial lining
that was able to sustain
that kind of organism
because, remember, that
otherwise the body will reject
it.
>> Will reject it.
Can some of these hybrid
children walk down the street,
go to school here,
and not be recognized?
>> Yeah.
So this is the complex side
of the interdimensional
hybridization
program, but now let's
talk about the human
hybridization program
because, actually, if
we begin to understand
our own genetic data, we
begin to understand that
within our own origins,
we have been hybridized
since the beginning of time.
And so, this is where
things start to get complex.
And I do think that
this is important
because, by understanding
that information,
you begin to understand how
our interdimensional contact is
a result of what's being
expressed and activated
in your DNA--
>> That's always been there.
>> So you're suggesting
that Josh is a hybrid?
>> Exactly.
>> That I'm a hybrid--
that we're all hybrids?
>> That's right.
>> Now, if we go back, science
would suggest and implore that
Homo sapiens sapiens at the far
side of things is about 200,000
years old.
We've always searched
for the missing link.
And before that,
we didn't have--
your beautiful forehead,
the cheekbones.
We had hair, and we didn't look
as handsome as Josh does today.
And suddenly, we just appeared.
Is that what we're
talking about here
was that an alien
intervention and maybe
snipping some of our DNA
and removing chromosomes?
>> Yeah, it's very interesting.
DNA is really-- it's
the code of life.
So I mean, we all-- all
organisms have the same codes.
It's just a matter
of which codes
are active and inactive in order
to create different organisms.
So if you think about that,
how a human comes into form
really depends on this
instruction manual
that is called the
morphogenetic field from which
emerges the form.
And so we are the codification
of the human that has emerged
from that morphogenetic field.
And, of course, this
morphogenetic field
it's also genetically modified
based on our environment.
So that jump that we're finding
from the apes to the human
is very interesting.
But in reality, if you look
at the evolution of man,
even in the womb,
we ourselves go
through this incredible
process of first having tails,
actually.
We literally are having
tails, and then we morph.
If you look at the fetus morph
process of all organisms,
we seem to go through
the same patterns.
So it's really
beautiful because even
within that is showing
us our evolution,
how somehow we have
evolved and been
genetically modified
into what we are today.
Another thing also
happens that when
you start working with the
mechanisms of co-creation
of the physical
body, you can begin
to activate alterations and
shifts in your genetic data.
And we're learning more about
that today through epigenetics
and also learning about healing.
Our DNA can really be edited.
We can somehow manage
this physical body
into its highest
potential vibrancy
and also in its
lowest point of death.
And so hybrids play
a role in that.
And just really briefly,
every single generation
of children that is
being born is genetically
modified in alignment with
this next vibrational frequency
that we're experiencing
as a collective.
>> Kids today seem a lot smarter
than when you and I were kids.
>> Oh, my kids are.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, it's incredible to
see this dynamic change
immediately.
We haven't had to wait
for a million years
for these changes that seem to
be happening right now in front
of us.
You had mentioned earlier
that the information has
come from many contact
experiences that
came in stages.
When was the last
time this happened?
>> Contact experience?
>> Yes.
>> The last time I had a contact
experience probably about maybe
a year ago.
I was--
>> Very recently.
>> Yeah.
>> What happened?
>> I was at a conference in a
hotel room and a bright light
appeared into the room.
And I was taken into an
interdimensional realm where
several of the people that
were in this conference
were also present.
It's very interesting.
My contact is so conscious and
lucid now that I can kind of
direct whether I want
to participate or not
in these kinds of experiences.
And so I understood very well
what they were doing there.
It was a craft and
the people were naked,
and they were being put
through a kind of light beam.
I'm not sure what it
did-- what it was,
but they were waiting in line to
go through that in this craft.
And I decided that
I didn't really
want to participate in
that, and I immediately
snapped out of it.
>> Can I jump in for a second?
>> Yes, sure.
>> Did you say that people
attending this conference were
there?
Are these the people that were
going through the light beam?
>> Yes.
>> So the next day were you
having lunch and breakfast with
these same-- did you recognize
them from the night before?
>> Yes.
>> Did you guys talk about it?
>> No, because I don't
know them that well.
>> Was I there?
>> No, you weren't.
No.
>> I didn't go
through a light beam.
Was Josh there?
>> No.
>> OK.
>> --make to a light beam.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> No, but I will say that
I have had other experiences
at conferences where
this has happened.
And we consciously remember
it the next day, but--
>> Why do you think that is?
Why UFO conference?
>> Well, the thing is that
it's two different things.
Some of these
contact experiences
are interdimensional, and the
majority of them are military.
They're terrestrial.
The majority of these
experiences at conferences
are terrestrial.
So military abduction
type of experiences.
>> Very interesting.
I think that, right
now, disclosure
is happening in so
many different forms.
Disclosure means something
different to somebody that
is dealing with one subject.
It's not necessarily
alien or ET-related.
But for us in our community,
disclosure has its own meaning.
But it seems to be
happening very quickly.
Things are moving
rapidly right now.
Could we expect direct
contact like you
have had for the rest
of the world very soon?
>> It's funny because in my
support group for the past
three years, the majority
of my contactees--
they do have a lot of psychic
abilities but have been having
dreams from all around the world
that there will be a collective
sighting at some point,
which is very interesting.
I mean, even I, myself
have had this vision.
So I do believe that
somehow something will
be orchestrated at some point.
I think that it's necessary.
I don't think that
the government would
go through the trouble of
speeding up this conversation
if they didn't think
this was the next step.
>> Are we ready as a species?
>> I want to say yes.
I think the majority
of us, in the back
of our mind we
have that question
at some point in our life.
And if you do surveys,
a lot of people
are aware, obviously, that
we can't be the only ones.
However, structurally and
fundamentally in our society,
it's going to really
shake some things up.
But I think we're
ready for that change.
>> I think we can feel it.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you feel it?
>> I feel like--
>> It's something-- something
is about to bust, man.
>> It feels like it's
around the corner.
Honestly, my entire life,
it hasn't felt like this.
>> Geraldine.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you.
This has been an absolute
incredible conversation.
Your work is important,
and thank you
for sharing your knowledge.
>> Thank you so much
for having me here.
It's been a pleasure.
>> Josh, incredible.
>> That was awesome.
I could talk to her all day.
>> I'm your host Jimmy Church.
This is Into the Vortex.
Josh and I will
catch you next time.